line 6 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "http-equiv" missing quote marks
line 7 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "name" missing quote marks
line 7 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "content" missing quote marks
line 8 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "name" missing quote marks
line 9 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "name" missing quote marks
line 10 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "rel" missing quote marks
line 349 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "lang" missing quote marks
line 351 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 353 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 355 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 369 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 371 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 373 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 375 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 377 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "type" missing quote marks
line 378 column 2 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 380 column 2 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 382 column 2 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 386 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 388 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 390 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "start" missing quote marks
line 390 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "type" missing quote marks
line 391 column 2 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 393 column 2 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 395 column 2 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 399 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 401 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "border" missing quote marks
line 401 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "cellspacing" missing quote marks
line 401 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "cellpadding" missing quote marks
line 404 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "width" missing quote marks
line 404 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "valign" missing quote marks
line 406 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 408 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "width" missing quote marks
line 408 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "valign" missing quote marks
line 410 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 412 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "width" missing quote marks
line 412 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "valign" missing quote marks
line 414 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 418 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "width" missing quote marks
line 418 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "valign" missing quote marks
line 420 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 422 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "width" missing quote marks
line 422 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "valign" missing quote marks
line 426 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 428 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "width" missing quote marks
line 428 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "valign" missing quote marks
line 432 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 436 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "width" missing quote marks
line 436 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "valign" missing quote marks
line 438 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 440 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "width" missing quote marks
line 440 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "valign" missing quote marks
line 444 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 446 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "width" missing quote marks
line 446 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "valign" missing quote marks
line 450 column 3 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 455 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 459 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 463 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
line 465 column 1 - Info: value for attribute "class" missing quote marks
